Copyright and license Code and documentation copyright 2016 The Center to Promote Healthcare Access, Inc., DBA Social Interest Solutions.

Code released under the MIT license. Documents released under Creative Commons license.

<b>The "slphack" project was developed for the E.A.T School Lunch UX Challange.</b>

A few things to note:
- This application is a prototype for demonstration purposes only. It is not an actual application for benefits under the free or reduced price school meals program.
- When testing the application, we encourage you to follow information privacy best practices by entering mock data rather than actual individually-identifiable information. However, the application as-is does not store any data to a data repository. This means that any data entered is released from memory once the application is closed.
- At the end of the application, you will have an opportunity to view the application data set. That data set represents the JSON data object generated by the application, which contains all pertinent application data that would be available for export or storage in a backend data repository, if those features were added.

This application uses an open source technology stack consisting of the following components...

Web-Browser Front-End
- HTML/CSS
- Foundation
- Javascript
- jQuery
- jQuery Validation Library
- HandlebarsJS

Back-End Python Stack
- Web Server supporting WSGI
- Python
- Flask
- Jinja

To this configuration any back-end database repository can be added- either SQL (mySQL) or noSQL (such as CouchDB or MongoDB).
Our implementation is agnostic to the backend database, as a JSON data object is generated which can be sent or exported to any data repository (SQL or noSQL).

The main Web application components are the following html pages, javascript file, and Flask Web Server URL handler code:

- slp_getstarted0.html (launch page)<br>
- slpmenus0.html (menu component of launch page)<br>
- slpapplication.html (main container page for the application file containing the 4 sub-container html include files which follow below)<br>
- slpform.html (contains or the html comprising the SLP application form and associated help html which is dynamically displayed to user based on context)<br>
- slpmenus.html (menu components of application page)<br>
- header.html (contains a list of supporting .css and .js files used by the application)<br>
- footer.html (html container for footer info)<br>

- slpformlogic.js contains the form navigation logic for the application (this file located in the /static/js/sis directory). This javascript file utilizes the previously listed open-source libraries, such a jQuery, jQuery Validation, Foundation, and HandlebarsJS, to provide
the dynamic presentation effects associated with the presentation of the User Interface. While a single html form is utilized, additional User Interface effects
are used to present form questions is serial fashion and to dynamically create form fields associated with the household characteristics as defined by the end user.
As required, all html form fields can have data validation rules assigned to them. This is possible even for dynamically created form fields.<br><br>Finally, the slpformlogic.js file collects all the form data provided by the user, generates an application summary screen, and readies the data into a JSON object which can
be sent to a back-end data repository using AJAX or some other data interface option.

- slphack.py (main Flask python file providing URL handlers for the Web server)
Note: to execute the Flask slphack.py script it is assumed that a Flask instance has been configured and integrated with a Web server, such as Apache, supporting the WSGI standard.


